docs(ios, use_frameworks): clarify which parts of react-native work and which do not (#6597)
invertase/react-native-firebase: docs/index.md

$RNFirebaseAsStaticFramework = true
```

> > Note: Flipper: `use_frameworks` [is _not_ compatible with Flipper](https://github.com/reactwg/react-native-releases/discussions/21#discussioncomment-2924919). To use without Flipper, comment out the `:flipper_configuration` line in your Podfile. Hermes: A fix was put in place in [react-native release 0.69.1](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/releases/tag/v0.69.1) that allows Hermes to work with `use_frameworks!`. To use it with Hermes make sure you have set static linkage with `use_frameworks! :linkage => :static`. New Architecture: Fabric is not compatible with `use_frameworks!`. Community support to help fix `use_frameworks` support for New Architecture is welcome!

Author: ```suggestion
> Notes: React-Native-Firebase uses `use_frameworks`, which has compatibility issues with Flipper, Hermes & Fabric. 
>
> 1. **Flipper:** `use_frameworks` [is _not_ compatible with Flipper](https://github.com/reactwg/react-native-releases/discussions/21#discussioncomment-2924919). You need to disable Flipper by commenting out the `:flipper_configuration` line in your Podfile. 
>
> 2. **Hermes:** a fix was put in place in [react-native release 0.69.1](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/releases/tag/v0.69.1) that allows Hermes to work with `use_frameworks!`. To use `use_frameworks` with Hermes, make sure you have set static linkage with `use_frameworks! :linkage => :static`. 
>
> 3. **New Architecture:** Fabric is not compatible with `use_frameworks!`. Community support to help fix `use_frameworks` support for New Architecture is welcome!
```
